# Agile-Scrum-Development-lifecycle

When it comes to the Scrum/Agile methodology, I believe that it caters to the world we live in today.  We live in a fast-paced society where technology is always advancing and producing these new applications.  The agile process is a good basis for understanding user needs which is important when working with stakeholders and clients.  When clients come asking for a development team to develop a project for their company they have certain expectations of how they would like to see and use this product.  We call this the user experience which is key to satisfying customers.  To understand user needs in a developmental project there needs to be a clear and concise form of communication on all parts from the client to the developers which is where the agile methodology comes into play.  

I would utilize agile methodologies to interpret my client's needs because I believe it is the more efficient way of collaborating and developing applications.  For example, from the Developer perspective, I would interpret my client's needs from user stories created by the product owner for the project.  User stories are clear outlines of things that the client wants to see implemented in the project.  User stories also have priority categories for them to ensure that tasks get done according to importance and urgency.  User stories are created by product owners who have frequent meetings with clients and gather information about what the client wants to see in their project.  To do this efficiently, product owners and scrum masters meet with clients and stakeholders and go over the things they want in their application and how they want it to work.  The product owner then turns these into detailed user stories to outline what needs to be done and how should it function in the application.  This gives developers a good sense of what they have to accomplish and they can collaborate on how they will accomplish it.  

The way that I approach developing programs is in an incremental cycle very similar to agile development in the form of sprints.  First I need to understand what the project is and what the requirements are for the project.  Once I have studied and gathered this information then I begin working on the project through different sprints meeting one requirement at a time.  Then after creating this sprint I would test for errors and see if I have effectively accomplished a requirement and if it is successful then I move on to the next.  I would also incorporate frequent testing and a good requirements outline because that is important for efficiently developing any project.  If you have a strong basis of information on what you are trying to create or solve, then you have a good place to start in any project.  

I believe that being a good team member means being continuously active and engaged with the team throughout the entire process.  Having open and clear communication also makes the development process much smoother and easier to decipher.  You must also be willing to learn and collaborate as well as adjust your ways of development to improve.  Other team members might have knowledge that you don't have so it's important to collaborate and have an open learning mind to gather as much knowledge to be a well-rounded team member which also makes your team stronger.  

